Update libraries for preview 7 (#10000)
dotnet/core: release-notes/10.0/preview/preview7/libraries.md

## Feature

Something about the feature

> ## Launch Windows processes in new process group

Reviewer: @dotnet/area-system-diagnostics-process

For Windows, you can now use `ProcessStartInfo.CreateNewProcessGroup` to launch a process in a separate PG.  This allows you to send isolated signals to child processes which could otherwise take down the parent without proper handling.  Sending signals is convenient to avoid forceful termination.

```csharp
using System;
using System.Diagnostics;
using System.IO;
using System.Runtime.InteropServices;
using System.Threading;

class Program
{
    static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        bool isChildProcess = args.Length > 0 && args[0] == "child";
        if (!isChildProcess)
        {
            var psi = new ProcessStartInfo
            {
                FileName = Environment.ProcessPath,
                Arguments = "child",
                CreateNewProcessGroup = true,
            };

            using Process process = Process.Start(psi)!;
            Thread.Sleep(5_000);

            GenerateConsoleCtrlEvent(CTRL_C_EVENT, (uint)process.Id);
            process.WaitForExit();

            Console.WriteLine("Child process terminated gracefully, continue with the parent process logic if needed.");
        }
        else
        {

>             // you need to call SetConsoleCtrlHandler this way if you want to handle Ctrl+C in the child process,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // If you need to send a CTRL+C, the child process needs to re-enable CTRL+C handling, if you own the code, you can call SetConsoleCtrlHandler(NULL, FALSE).
```

### TLS 1.3 for macOS (client)

This release adds client-side TLS 1.3 support on macOS by integrating Apple’s Network.framework into SslStream and HttpClient. Historically, macOS used Secure Transport which doesn’t support TLS 1.3; opting into Network.framework enables TLS 1.3.

Scope and behavior

- macOS only, client-side in this release.
- Opt-in. Existing apps continue to use the current stack unless enabled.
- When enabled, older TLS versions (TLS 1.0 and 1.1) may no longer be available via Network.framework.

How to enable

- AppContext switch in code:

```csharp
// Opt in to Network.framework-backed TLS on Apple platforms
AppContext.SetSwitch("System.Net.Security.UseNetworkFramework", true);

using var client = new HttpClient();
var html = await client.GetStringAsync("https://example.com");
```

- Or environment variable:

```bash
# Opt-in via environment variable (set for the process or machine as appropriate)
DOTNET_SYSTEM_NET_SECURITY_USENETWORKFRAMEWORK=1
# or
DOTNET_SYSTEM_NET_SECURITY_USENETWORKFRAMEWORK=true
```

Notes

- Applies to SslStream and APIs built on it (e.g., HttpClient/HttpMessageHandler).

> - Cipher suites are controlled by macOS via Network.framework.

Reviewer 2: I think this is the last thing we're waiting on to merge these
